You reach the bank of the river where you come across the destruction of several boats, burns scorched into the ground. The dragon had come through this path, possibly taking more people.

You wonder if you have to take another path, luckily there is a boat behind a tree. It was waiting for you almost. You board the boat and push yourself into the water.

The waters of the river are calm and flow you down smoothly. You rest back on the boat and admire the place around you. Your eyes shut and everything is peaceful around you. It was perhaps too peaceful. The cat’s recount of the dragon presented it as fierce and wild, you wondered how some area around its castle was undisturbed.

CRASH

The boat flipped over and you screamed. Water rushes around you and you scrape against stones. You barely manage to grip onto the edge of the boat. The water began to rush around you, you bare your teeth, unprepared for what would be a long way down to death.
“Hello, there!”
“Huh,” you whimper.
“I don’t mean to disturb you but certainly one wouldn’t want to fall to their death!”

‘...one wouldn’t want to fall to their death?’ You were alive! Soaked but living. You turn your head up, thankful, to face your saviour, but you let out a scream at the sight of them.

“You aren’t falling anymore are you?”

Your saviour looks startled and confused.

“No- sorry!” you stumble your words, replying lightheaded, “thank you’

You are still in shock. Your saviour is a fish, a great bulbous blobfish with a head bigger than its body.

“How did you save me?” you stammer.

“I knocked you ashore with my head!” the blobfish knocked its head on the floating boat.

“Ashore?” you panic, how far away were you from the dragon now?

“A rock in the middle of the river really,” the blobfish’s face squished into what looked like a smile.

You sigh shakily, being in the middle of the river was better than being off track.

“Where are you going?” the blobfish asks.

“The dragon’s castle,” you reply, light spinning in front of your eyes.

The blobfish didn’t reply momentarily, his face squished and he appeared to be thinking.

“The dragon’s castle?” he says, “are you aware of the challenges that meet you there?”

“Challenges?” you say almost amused, weren’t you already going through a challenge.

“The dragon won’t let just about anyone into his castle, you have to work through to reach inside!”

You feel your face stiffen, your fur wet with water, feeling absolutely unsure about what he was about to say.

He chuckles, “The code is simpler than you think”

Before you get a chance to ask he interrupts.

“That’s all from me, young brave cat! Do as you must and go save your cat friends!”

“How did you know th-”

Without another word, the blobfish pushed you off from the rock and you fell into a current of water. Your screams are loud but you would not be heard through the crashing water. 

You made it, you were at the dragon’s castle.
